Angela/logs reference content update - part 1 (#3230)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/logs/src/content/reference/logpush-api-configuration/examples/example-logpush-curl/index.md

### Parameters

* **name** (optional) - We suggest using your domain name as the job name; the name cannot be changed after the job is created.

> * **destination_conf** - See [Destination](/reference/logpush-api-configuration/#destination) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **destination_conf** - Refer to [Destination](/reference/logpush-api-configuration/#destination) for details.
```
